https://voz.vn/t/nguoi-an-do-co-y-thuc-hon-nguoi-vn.358876/

> hanging out with a bunch of Indians, every time I found a loophole in the app they recommend against abusing and profitting off of it.

I used Telegram for saving large videos they also said "It's free but don't misuse it".
When Google Photo is still free they also praised "They're so generous".

The Vietnamese, on the other hand, use it for free but often complain and throw insults, 
the Indians have high awareness just like Western people.
No wonder their wild life is still preserved.

> Do not abuse & profit, for them to abuse and profit themselves.

> That's right!

> Just a facade, if one found a bug and abuse they'll not flaunt it, keep it to your own and use it,
otherwise when people know there will be a patch soon. Only except when they abuse it to death
 and shared it out of boredom for some fame.
 
> Can't believe you're using the Indian lowlives to talk about awareness

> Only when the Saigon river are dirty, full of corpses of people and animal floating
then you're allowed to say so, is there nobody else to compare why do you have to
compare to the Indian who shits on the streets and use their hand to wipe their asses.

> Indian Rapers are filthy both physically and personality wise.

> They're craving it but only putting up a facade, they'll abuse it when at home.
Getting both fame and profit. The vietnamese, on the other hand, keep flaunting it,
so people are judging us!

> They'll abuse it at home and then laugh at the flaunting dumbass, presenting themselves
as broke peasants

> Hypocrites, I refuse to believe. At least our nation isn't called Rape Country.

> Stop it brother, the same indians are raping people daughters on the streets, 
shit on the street, also sorts of disgusting stuff. Don't you dare comparing 
us Vietnamese to them.

> They're a Asian superpower anyway, all sorts of Nobel prizes are there.
They also have the caste system.
The Rapers when working in Vietnamese, teaching Yoga evening classes,
the Vietnamese thots are following like sheeples.
The other day my friends told some guys are taking 5-6 girls to his apartment
for evening classes
